# S302-Food-Ecommerce-Leftovers
Deliverable for Sprint 3. Three sprints left to go before completion of this project.

During this full year university project course I worked within a team of eight people to develop a web application to prevent kiwi’s from throwing away one third of our food. By providing food companies with an e-commerce platform to sell food products close to expiring to cost conscious individuals, our team hopes to address this issue. The project ran within an scrum and agile processing framework, where we closely communicated with the product owner to develop the application he had envisioned. The project consisted of six sprints. During each sprint we would initially plan out what stories we would take on, split them up into tasks in substantial detail and log the time and completion on Jira. Additionally, to keep everyone on the same page we had two standups a week with our scrum master. Furthermore, we used a range of strategies on our workflow to improve code quality and minimise risk. This Included the use of code reviews before finishing each task, the use of task branching to prevent  merge conflicts, substantial automated unit and integration testing with Junit, and automated acceptance testing with cucumber.  Moreover, to keep  our team members accountable for their mistakes we created a wiki that includes strict code styles, decision making policies, definition of done, yellow card policy, git policy, user manuals, and our testing procedures. Our technology stack used a client-server pattern for our web application, where VueJS was used on the frontend, spring boot for the backend, RESTful APIs to connect the two, MarinaDB for storing data externally, and gradle, sonarqube, npm, git, and a CI/CD pipeline to improve code quality and for seamless collaboration within the team. I took on a leadership role within the team by helping teammates solve complex problems, completing admin tasks such as setting up the CI/CD pipeline and cucumber, and providing a bridge between our team and the product owner and scrum team. This project is still ongoing and will be finished in October.
